Cisco Umbrella Investigate Audit and Improvements (#644)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: cisco_umbrella_investigate/help.md

# Version History

> * 3.0.0 - Add `input` and `output` examples | Add `title` in `input` and `output` actions in plugin.spec | Update domain name in `investigate.py` | Improve error handling | Change `input` names to lowercase in action Latest Malicious Domains by IP, DNS RR History for IP Address and Samples by Domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3.0.0 - Add action input and output examples to documentation | Set `title` in action input and output sections in schema | Update domain name in `investigate.py` | Improve error handling | Change action input names to lowercase in action Latest Malicious Domains by IP, DNS RR History for IP Address and Samples by Domain
```
